README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Cloning-youtube-project

> Trying to clone the youtube page.

![screenshot](./screenshot.jpg)

Additional description about the project and its features.

## Built With

- HTML5,
- CSS3,
- Love ;)

## Live Demo

[Live Demo Link](https://martinnajjar12.github.io/Cloning-youtube-project/)

## Getting Started

**This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.**
**Modify this file to match your project, remove sections that don't apply. For example: delete the testing section if the currect project doesn't require testing.**

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

### Setup

### Install

### Usage

### Run tests

### Deployment

## Authors

👤 **Author1**

- Github: [@Martin Najjar](https://github.com/martinnajjar12)
- Twitter: [@Martin Najjar](https://twitter.com/martin_najjar)
- Linkedin: [Martin Najjar](https://www.linkedin.com/in/martin-najjar-174948198/)

👤 **Author2**

- Github: [Tariq AbuFayad](https://github.com/tariqabufayad)
- Twitter: [Tariq AbuFayad](https://twitter.com/tareqabufayad)
- Linkedin: [Tariq AbuFayad](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tariq-ij-abufayad/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](lic.url) licensed.

Commit message:

Updating the README.md file

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Cloning-youtube-project

> This is a collaborative project which is about cloning a YouTube page. 

![screenshot](./screenshot.jpg)

Additional description about the project and its features.

## Built With

- HTML5,
- CSS3

## Live Demo

[Live Demo Link](https://martinnajjar12.github.io/Cloning-youtube-project/)

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites
> Any browser that is compatible with HTML5 and CSS3

## Authors

👤 **Author1**

- Github: [@Martin Najjar](https://github.com/martinnajjar12)
- Twitter: [@Martin Najjar](https://twitter.com/martin_najjar)
- Linkedin: [Martin Najjar](https://www.linkedin.com/in/martin-najjar-174948198/)

👤 **Author2**

- Github: [Tariq AbuFayad](https://github.com/tariqabufayad)
- Twitter: [Tariq AbuFayad](https://twitter.com/tareqabufayad)
- Linkedin: [Tariq AbuFayad](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tariq-ij-abufayad/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Inspiration:  ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet) 

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](lic.url) licensed.
